Scanned

missing values

recognize sites across tables to correct scanning errors
  For example, in the 6 images KANOTA is spelled  KANUTA  in one of the tables, but there are 3 KANOTA.
  So adist() finds these with a distance of 1.

train tesseract on some of these images and see how it improves things.

install imagemagick and ghostscript and then convert the pages of the pdf to png that way.




Change findCols to use as.integer(pos/scale) to use the rounding down.


When we can determine that a cell has a missing box, add an NA there.
  e.g. T37 and the last row for the first column.  We deal with this by recognizing the Mean and discarding this row. But we could just fill in the last cell.

T24..  Centered columns not getting detected correctly


[OCR]
Once we identify the locations of the summary statistics, we can zoom in on the sub-region 
of the table data and redo the OCR.
  Doing that when we can identify the MEAN or GRAND .

Find the horizontal lines marking the bottom of the header or the start of the footer
and throw away the footer and deal with the header separately.
  [done] Have pdftohtml emit rectangles, lines, etc.
  [No] Is pdftohtml calling ghostscript? No - use dtruss to verify this.



------------
May be solved by pdftohtml....

Avoid merging two sequences of characters that are too far apart  in pdfMinerDoc(). This 
can lead to combining two cells in a row of a table that are close together because the columns
are close.
  See T44Durum  Central Valley RSI  with the RSI in a separate column from Centrall Valley.


* This is a leptonica/tesseract issue
Merge bboxes that are very close horizontally and approximately the same height.
e.g. "1981-118-12.png"    Yiel  and d in the 3rd column of the header are 2 separate boxes.
     UC 566 but these are actually two separate wors.
 
  Once we have the column lines, we can  merge the words together to make a column/cell phrase.



----------------------

[Fixed] pdftohtml sometimes combines words, e.g. in T24...
  1437 APB W01...
 But not
  20 ANZA
 So these are separate. But we have contextual information that tells us if
 an entry here doesn't start with a number, then take the entry before it.
  The are ordered by vertical position.



[done] order the values within a column by their height in the page.
  T10..  In column 5, (in) from the header is last.

[Done] In T10..  column o[[5]] has newlines and decimal places in the Plant Ht column when there are no decimal places in the text for that column.
   Same with column 4 - 46.9.1.
   They are not in the rownames(bb) when we compute these.
   They are coming from the as.data.frame() and duplicate values causing R to add a .1, .2, etc.